---
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2018-10-02 19:32:00 -0600
---

# Architectural Review Committee

- Call to Order at 10/2/2018 6:11pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort
    - absent:  Cedric Delbridge
    - observer(s): None
- Motion: Prior minutes motioned to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - No old business to review.

- Current ARC Requests:
  - No current requests.

- Motion to adjourn by Doug Goldstein and seconded by Will Bowen.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 10/2/2018 6:12pm.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 10/2/2018 6:12pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort
    - absent: Cedric Delbridge
    - observer(s): None

- Motion: Prior Board Meeting Minutes to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - Pool caulk line repair to be completed as soon as the pool closes and will cost $900 to complete pending second opinion.
  - Reimbursement to Jodie K. for community yard sale banners in the amount of $56.60.
    - Motion: Accept reimbursement payment to Jodie K. in the amount of $56.60.
    - Vote: All in favor. Cory vote of 'yes' via electronic message.
  - JTL to perform fewer cuts per month and once a year will cut between fences.
  - Reminder notice to be sent out to neighborhood to ensure home owners are maintaining property behind fences.
  - Fiscal year budget review date to be set for some time in late October / early November.

- New Business to Review.
  - Pool to be closed effective immediately. Pool repair to be completed at same time as pool closing.
    - Motion: Close pool and allow for repairs to be made.
    - Vote: All in favor.
  - Pool card keys to be deactivated for pool closing. Will be reactivated at some date in the Spring.
  - Investigate possible solutions and costs for mending fencing surrounding the neighborhood.
  - Automatic door closing mechanism to be added at earliest opportunity by James.
  - November 4th at 2:00pm for the annual HOA meeting.
- Open floor
- Motion: Adjourn meeting by Will Bowen. Seconded by Sarah Comfort.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 10/2/2018 6:52pm.
