---
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2018-09-04 19:32:00 -0600
---

# Architectural Review Committee

- Call to Order at 9/4/2018 6:11pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cedric Delbridge
    - absent:  Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort
    - observer(s): None
- Motion: Prior minutes motioned to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cedric Delbridge.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - No old business to review.

- Current ARC Requests:
  - No current requests.

- Motion to adjourn by Doug Goldstein and seconded by Will Bowen.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 9/4/2018 6:12pm.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 9/4/2018 6:12pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cedric Delbridge
    - absent: Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort
    - observer(s): None

- Motion: Prior Board Meeting Minutes to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - Discussion of updated budget projections for available HOA funds.
  - New contract agreement reached lawn care company to reduce number of monthly cuts.
  - Awaiting new quotes for up keep on the pool.
  - Discussion to have pool closed no later than Oct. 22nd, 2018. May be earlier depending on weather.
  - Key to be supplied to clubhouse supply company for storage unit access.

- New Business to Review.
  - Pool caulk line repair to be completed as soon as the pool closes and will cost $900 to complete pending second opinion.
  - Reimbursement to Jodie K. for community yard sale banners in the amount of $56.60.
    - Motion: Accept reimbursement payment to Jodie K. in the amount of $56.60.
    - Vote: All in favor. Cory vote of 'yes' via electronic message.
  - JTL to perform fewer cuts per month and once a year will cut between fences.
  - Reminder notice to be sent out to neighborhood to ensure home owners are maintaining property behind fences.
  - Fiscal year budget review date to be set for some time in late October / early November.
- Open floor
- Motion: Adjourn meeting by Will Bowen. Seconded by Cedric Delbridge.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 9/4/2018 7:05pm.
