---
layout: default
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2018-06-12 19:20:00 -0600
---

{% include nav.html %}

# Architectural Review Committee

- Call to Order at 6/12/2018 6:54pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cedric Delbridge, Cory Martin
    - absent:  Sarah Comfort
    - observer(s): Jason Comfort
- Motion: Prior minutes motioned to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- No old business to review.

- Current ARC Requests:
  - XXX Duchess requests to extend patio, build a pergola, and extend sidewalk to wrap around from front of house and connect to the
    patio.
- Motion: Deny with request for additional information by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Motion to adjourn by Cory Martin and seconded by Cedric Delbridge.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 6/12/2018 7:17pm.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 6/12/2018 6:14pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cedric Delbridge, Cory Martin
    - absent: Sarah Comfort
    - observer(s): Jason Comfort
- Motion: Prior Board Meeting Minutes to be accepted by Cedric Delbridge and seconded by Will Bowen.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - Discussion of pool area repairs with updated quote of $900 for repair to seal around pool. Pool will need to be closed at a date.
    - TBD for the seal to be repaired.

- New Business to Review.
  - Investigating quotes for updated property insurance policy. Pool will be closed until further notice.
    - Motion: Close pool until further notice by Cory Martin and seconded by unknown.
    - Vote: 3-1 in favor of closing the pool.

  - Request to spend available HOA funds in the estimated amount of $40 for signage for community yard sale on June 23, 2018.
    - Motion: Deny request to spend available funds for yard sale signage until pool repairs have been completed and insurance has been
              secured by Cory Martin and seconded by Cedric Delbridge.
    - Vote: 3-1 to deny the request.

  - Need trash service to pick up at the pool house.
    - TBD until other items were resolved.

- Open floor
- Motion: Adjourn meeting by Will Bowen. Seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 6/12/2018 6:54pm.
