---
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2019-03-03 19:32:00 -0600
---

# Architectural Review Committee

- Call to Order at 3/3/2019 3:07pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort, Cedric Delbridge
    - absent: None 
    - observer(s): None
- Motion: Prior minutes motioned to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - No old business to review.

- Current ARC Requests:
  - No current requests. Reviewed revised neighborhood entrance signage from TRAV-AD SIGNS. "Willow Run" and "Option C" signage will be
    sent out to the neighborhood for vote. Costs associated with each will be provided as well.

- Motion to adjourn by Doug Goldstein and seconded by Will Bowen.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 3/3/2019 3:12pm.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 3/3/2019 3:13pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort
    - absent: Cedric Delbridge
    - observer(s): None

- Motion: Prior Board Meeting Minutes to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - Discussed JTL fence repair quote. 6 fence posts, 18 fence facings, and 7 cross bracings for an estimate of $625.  

- New Business to Review.
  - "Blanco Remodeling" came out and repaired the fence. 22 fence facings, 7 cross bracings, and 7 posts were replaced. Cost for just repairs was
    $500, paint was not included. The fence will need to be painted and new mulch will need to be added around trees/flower beds. Considering doing
    a neighborhood beautification "project" to help with spreading mulch and painting fences.
  - Considering potential dates for pool re-opening. Will further discuss a date during the April HOA meeting.
  - Discussion on update of HOA dues late fees.
  - Will update the covenants reference file on the HOA website to include missing document pages.
  - Motion: Updated wording to Article 4, Section 4, page 9, of the HOA covenants to include:
    - "'Temporary Parking' is defined as a working vehicle properly licensed, that does not remain in the same spot for a period of 24 continuous hours. As
      long as that vehicle is not a nuisance to other homeowners (e.g. blocking a driveway, mailbox, utility access or fire hydrant, etc)."
    - Vote: All in favor. Cory Martin abstained from vote.

- Open floor
- Motion: Adjourn meeting by Will Bowen. Seconded by Sarah Comfort. 
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 3/3/2019 4:15pm.
