---
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2019-05-05 19:32:00 -0600
---

# Architectural Review Committee

- Call to Order at 5/5/2019 3:07pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort, Cedric Delbridge
    - absent: Elite Rep. 
    - observer(s): None
- Motion: Prior minutes motioned to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - Review of options to venders for signage. Approval of ARC request from residence on Idared Lane.

- Current ARC Requests:
  - No current requests. Continued discussions of procurement for neighborhood signage.

- Motion to adjourn by Doug Goldstein and seconded by Will Bowen.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 5/5/2019 3:20pm.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 5/5/2019 3:20pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort
    - absent: Cedric Delbridge
    - observer(s): None

- Motion: Prior Board Meeting Minutes to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - Pool opening date and discussion of changing filtration system. Discussion updating HOA covenants.

- New Business to Review.
  - Pool filtration system update to sand based is $825.
  - Discussion of HOA management contract.
  - Fence painting is scheduled for early June. Discussion of other fencing repairs which will be required in the upcoming year.
  - June 8th is being targeted for a community event.

    - Vote: All in favor.

- Open floor
- Motion: Adjourn meeting by Will Bowen. Seconded by Sarah Comfort. 
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 5/5/2019 5:50pm.
