---
layout: default
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2019-01-27 19:32:00 -0600
---

{% include nav.html %}

# Architectural Review Committee

- Call to Order at 1/27/2019 3:04pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort, Cedric Delbridge
    - absent: None
    - observer(s): None
- Motion: Prior minuttes motioned to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - No old business to review.

- Current ARC Requests:
  - No current requests. Reviewed potential neighborhood entrance signage from TRAV-AD SIGNS.

- Motion to adjourn by Doug Goldstein and seconded by Will Bowen.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 1/27/2019 3:30pm.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 1/27/2019 3:32pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Cory Martin, Sarah Comfort
    - absent: Cedric Delbridge
    - observer(s): None

- Motion: Prior Board Meeting Minutes to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Cory Martin.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - Community vote for new board.
     - Nomination period from Oct 6th to Oct 11th as announced on the website and via email.
     - Only nominated individuals were the existing board members.
     - Election announced Oct 6th for this meeting. The announcement was posted on the website and sent out via email on multiple occations. Absentee ballots were accepted as well.
     - 14 homeowners (one per home) were present and voted by a voice vote to accept the nominated slate of candidates. All in the affirmative and none dissenting.
     - 6 lots submitted absentee ballots. However one is disqualified as they also voted in person. All for the nominated slate of candidates.
     - Quorum of 75 lots is 19 lots (25% of 75 lots) resulting in a valid vote for the selected candidates.

- New Business to Review.
  - Discussed JTL fence repair quote. 6 fence posts, 18 fence facings, and 7 cross bracings for an estimate of $625.
- Open floor
- Motion: Adjourn meeting by Will Bowen. Seconded by Sarah Comfort. 
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 1/27/2019 4:05pm.
