---
layout: default
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2020-3-12 19:32:00 -0600
---

{% include nav.html %}

# Architectural Review Committee

- Call to Order at 3/12/2020 6:34pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Will Bowen, Svetlana Kubic, Jason Comfort
    - absent: Craig Schmidt, Jason Goerlic
    - observer(s): None
- Motion: Prior minutes motioned to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Svetlana.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - None

- Current ARC Requests:
  - None

- Motion to adjourn by Will Bowen and seconded by Svetlana Kubic.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 3/12/2020 6:35pm.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 3/12/2020 6:36pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Will Bowen, Svetlana Kubic, Jason Comfort
    - absent: Craig Schmidt, Jason Goerlic
    - observer(s): None

- Motion: Prior Board Meeting Minutes to be accepted by Will Bowen and seconded by Jascon Comfort.
  - Vote: All in favor.

- Old Business to Review:
  - Reviewed January budget actuals and discussed upcoming expenses for Q1.
  - Quote received for lawn care treatment from Spring Green.
  - Signed contract received from Dust Bunnies for cleaning services of the pool house.
  - Discussed fence paint and labor costs.
  - Received Cook's Pest Control termite and pest control quotes for pool area.
  - Received Kirkland's Pest Control termite and pest control quotes for pool area.

- New Business to Review.
  - Signed contract with Spring Green.
  - Reviewed expenses for February and current March inqueries.
  - Signed contract to have fence painted by Rentz Landsacpe Mangement for $3250. Date TBD, will depend on weather.
  - Signed contracts for Kirkland's to perform pest control and termite protection around the pool common areas.
    - Pest control $350. Termite protection $668.50.
  - Jason Comfort to be reimbursed for ~$15 for website domain renewal.

- Open floor
  - None

- Motion: Adjourn meeting by Will Bowen. Seconded by Jason Goerlic. 
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 3/12/2020 7:05pm.
