---
layout: default
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2021-02-09 19:00:00 -0600
---

{% include nav.html %}

# Architectural Review Committee

- Call to Order at 02/09/2021 6:08pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Jason Comfort, Craig Schmidt, Jason Goerlic, Doug Goldstein
    - absent: Will Bown
    - observer(s): None
- Motion: Accept prior ARC requests
  - Vote: None
- Old Business to Review:
  - None
- Current ARC Requests:
  - None
- Motion to adjourn by Doug Goldstein and seconded by Jason Comfort.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 02/09/2021 6:09pm.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 02/09/2021 6:10pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Jason Comfort, Craig Schmidt, Jason Goerlic, Doug Goldstein
    - absent: Will Bowen
    - observer(s): None
- Motion: Accept prior Board Meeting Minutes
  - Vote: All in favor
- Old Business to Review:
  - Updated community website to redirct to the new HOA due payment portal.
  - Updated community website to fix email address error for contacting the board.
  - New board member positions are assigned as follows:
	- President: Will Bowen
	- Vice President(s): Jason Goerlich and Craig Schmidt
	- Secretary: Doug Goldstein
	- Treasurer: Jason Comfort
	- At-large: Vacant
- New Business to Review:
  - Jason Comfort to meet with Adam Dauro about paperwork later this week.
  - Doug to meet with Blanco to check out the fence.
  - Doug to research monuments further.
- Open floor
  - None
- Motion to adjourn by Jason Comfort and seconded by Doug Goldstein.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 02/09/2021 6:22pm.
