---
layout: default
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2021-06-08 19:00:00 -0600
---

{% include nav.html %}

# Architectural Review Committee

- Call to Order at 06/08/2021 6:01pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Jason Comfort, Jason Goerlic, Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen
    - absent: Craig Schmidt
    - observer(s): Cory Martin
- Motion: Accept prior ARC requests
  - Vote: None
- Current ARC Requests:
  - Approved 1 pending ARC requests for garbage can fence on the condition that it is stained to match.
    - Vote: All in favor.
- Motion to adjourn by Doug Goldstein and seconded by Jason Comfort.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 06/08/2021 6:03pm.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 06/08/2021 6:03pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Jason Comfort, Jason Goerlic, Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Craig Schmidt
    - absent:
    - observer(s): Cory Martin
- Motion: Accept prior Board Meeting Minutes
  - Vote: All in favor
- Old Business to Review:
- New Business to Review:
  - Reviewed landscaping survey. Homeowners were not interested.
  - Reviewed lawn care / sprinkler system issues. Will to contact Elite.
  - Ironworks Mailbox for the pool house $205 installed.
    - Vote: Craig and Doug in favor, remaining opposed
  - Jason C. to look at A/C unit locks.
  - Reviewed fence quote from Blanco. $2900 labor to repair and paint. $1966.93 to Gobble-Fite for materials.
    - Vote: All in favor.
  - Will to contact former board member about fence stain.
  - Reviewed budget trend.
- Open floor
  - Cory Martin discussing Elite letters about parking on the street. Doug to contact Elite.
- Motion to adjourn by Craig Schmidt and seconded by Will Bowen.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 06/08/2021 7:18pm.
