---
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2023-02-16 18:00:00 -0500
---

# Architectural Review Committee

All ARC requests are handled via Elite Housing's Portal
as such no meeting occurred.

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 02/16/2023 6:00pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Jason Comfort, Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen, Jason Goerlic
    - absent: Jeff Blackwood
    - observer(s):
- Motion: Accept prior Board Meeting Minutes
  - Vote: All in favor
- New Business to Review:
  - Update cost of domain name renewal to Doug Goldstein to $14.76
    - Motion: Update expense to $14.76
      - Vote: All in favor with Doug Goldstein abstaining.
  - Discussed ARC requests for post construction/addition approval
    - Motion: To notify the neighborhood of the existing rules with the following wording:
        Madison Applewood HOA Architectural Standards have remain unchanged.  Changes to homes, additions to homes, and projects such as sheds, pergolas, and fences must be pre-approved by the Architectural Committee prior to any work being started.  Homeowners should be aware that failure to do so will result in non-compliance and potentially face fines and/or removal of the addition(s).
      - Vote: All in favor
  - Spring Letter to Homeowners from Elite
    - Motion: To approve letter modified during this session
      - Vote: All in favor
  - Review Elite Compliance Checklist
    - Motion: Accept checklist as written during this session
      - Vote: All in favor
  - Jason Goerlic tendered resignation
- Motion to adjourn by Jason Comfort and seconded by Doug Goldstein.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 02/16/2023 7:27pm.
