---
title:  "Community Board Meeting"
date:   2023-05-23 18:00:00 -0500
---

# Board Meeting

- Call to Order at 05/23/2023 6:00pm
- Roll Call
    - present: Jason Comfort, Doug Goldstein, Will Bowen
    - absent: Jeff Blackwood
    - observer(s):
- Motion: Accept prior Board Meeting Minutes
  - Vote: All in favor
- Topics Discussed:
  - Discussed ARC process and outstanding violations.
  - Discussed lack of execution by Elite Housing.
  - Discussed and reviewed current finances.
- Business Items:
  - Reviewed landscaping and lack of contractual execution by Looks Matters.
    - Motion by Jason Comfort to terminate Looks Matter. Seconded by Will Bowen.
    - Vote: All in favor.
  - Reviewed contract offer by Turf Master.
    - Motion by Jason Comfort to award the contract to TurfMaster. Seconded by Wil Bowen.
    - Vote: All in favor.
  - Reviewed bid from TDI for weed treatment.
    - Motion to Jason Comfort to award to contract to TDI. Seconded by Will Bowen.
    - Vote: All in favor.
- Open Floor at 6:31pm
  - Jeff Blackwood joined at 6:31pm.
  - Thanks to Justin Pelto for pressure washing the neighborhood.
  - Justin, Mark, and Jodie asked about dropping Elite Housing.
- Opened the floor to fill the board vacancy.
  - Nominated Justin Pelto to join the board to fill the vacancy.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Opened the floor to add a seat to the board.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Opened the floor to add Chris Porter to the board.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Motion to adjourn by Doug Goldstein and seconded by Will Bowen.
  - Vote: All in favor.
- Adjourned at 05/23/2023 7:25pm.
